Joaobrunoah/bpt as collateral (#1)
joaobrunoah/docs: docs/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/valuing-bpt.md

- The `WETH/wstETH` pool will return a rate relative to `WETH`
- `bb-a-USD` will return a rate relative to USD, calculated as a weighted average of the underlying stablecoins (`DAI`, `USDC`, `USDT`) in the nested linear pools (`bb-a-DAI`, `bb-a-USDC`, `bb-a-USDT`)

> #### Using `StablePool` BPT as Collateral
> 
> To use BPT as Collateral, please refer to [this page](./bpt-as-collateral.md).

Reviewer: Just want to match the style to the rest of the page and add a short comment.
```suggestion
#### Using Stable Pool BPT as Collateral

Note that the method above does not account for price divergence from the assumed peg. If `stETH` depegs from `ETH` or any stablecoin depegs from USD, `pool.getRate()` will suffer inaccuracies. To price Stable Pool BPT for more mission-critical use cases such as money market collateral, please refer to [this page](./bpt-as-collateral.md).
```
